		Descriptions

	Rough Draft Screens

0301091512 - the first three screens. The Title Screen leads into the Story Board Screen which leads into the Soil Screen.
0301091213 - a rough draft brain storming Screen showing some ideas of how the game goes between screens.
board - shows a rough draft of the entirity of the project.
Turns - shows a rough draft of the array that would keep the turns (with x and y being item 1 and item 2).

	Individual Screens

Item Screen Selection - shows the screen where players can view different 'items'. The tabs on the left represent plants, animals, agriculture, and miscellanous. There's a small description of the item. Below the descrption are the stats of the item (Nitrogen, Carbon, Compaction, and H2O). The Plus and minus signs show how that individual item affects the soil. Under that is the "Current Stats", which shows how your soil is doing. The buttons at the bottom right are buttons for accepting an item, removing that type of item (already in your soil), and a back button to navigate to the previous screen.  
Soil Screen - shows what your soil looks like. THe tabs at the top allow you to navigate to the Item Selection Screen, Tip Page (which we did not design), and an empty tab that we didn't use. This screen also has a "Soil Condition" descrpition, basically a description of how your soil is doing. The amount of turns left is also displayed at the bottom.
Story Board - This screen sets up a story-like situation for the game, such as a 'normal scenerio', a flood scenerio, a rainforest scenerio and so on. The total amount of turns for that scenerio is displayed bottom right.
Title Screen - A basic title screen; has a start and a help option.
Turn Screen - This is a basic over view of what turns you selected. The tabs at the top were to navigate to the other pages. The four buttons are for the different categories (plants, animals, agriculture, and miscellanous). Once one of those buttons is hit, you are taken to the item selection screen to choose a new item (the four buttons are greyed out if you already selected your items). The two boxes on the right are your selected items, with the 'x' allowing the user to delete the item. Once your items are selected and you want to 'confirm' your turn, hit the accept button.
